What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	Initializing a repo tells git to start keeping track of any changes to the 
	tracked files in the directory. To that effect, git creates a hidden 
	directory named .git that stores all relevant information.
	
How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

    The staging area is a "virtual" buffer zone that allows us to precisely 
    control which files will be included in the next commit. The working dir
    contains all files in the project. The repo is the same, except it also
    contains history information.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

	To ensure this, all you have to do is make sure you only add files to the 
	staging area by logical groups, and then use diff to ensure that the changes
	that are being staged are all related. The subsequent commit will only 
	contain logically tied changes. 

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

    When building a prediction model, we may want to try different parameters
    to see which one leads to the more accurate results. In such cases, it is
    useful to be able to work on slightly different versions in parallel.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	It helps us keep track of the different branches that exist in a very
	visual way.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?
	
	Merging two branches applies the following changes:
		- Retain anything that is common to both branches and the last commit
		before branching
		- Add anything that was specifically added in any of the branches since
		the last commit before branching
		- Drop anything that was specifically deleted from any of the branches 
		since the last commit before branching

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?